so anyone who's ever licked a nintendo
switch cartridge will confirm
they taste bad and the bitterness stays
in your mouth for a while
you can thank denatonium benzoid for
that it's one of the most unpleasant
tastes out there
and carts are coated with it so people
and pets won't accidentally swallow them
before we had better storage for books
and records they'd be kept in places
where mice and rats could easily munch
on them
but they'd only chew around the edges
margin lines were put there to keep the
writing away from the edge
so you don't lose any important
information to the rodents
take a closer look at your red solo
party cup
the lines around it are from measuring
liquids the bottom line equals one ounce
the second is five ounces and the top
line means you have 12 ounces in your
cup
you've probably been storing your peanut
butter wrong your whole life
the trick is to keep the jar upside down
so the oils don't come up on the surface
sometimes screwdrivers are meant to work
together with wrenches
it helps especially if you're working at
an awkward angle
just slide the wrench onto the
screwdriver's handle it fits snugly
and next time you need to put in a hook
screw put the screw eye
into your drill the round end will hold
the hook in place
and the project will go a lot quicker if
you don't have a screw eye on hand
use a key the black grating on your
microwave door
is called a faraday shield it prevents
the rays from escaping the oven
but get this it can also block phone
signals
so if you're tired of endless calls and
texts
put your phone in the microwave just
don't turn it on
if you get a box of chocolates with a
little dent in between the holes for the
candy
push it the chocolate surrounding it
will pop right out of their snug little
compartments
you shouldn't have to push the sweep
from the bottom though this weighs
much quicker you try to pull out some
aluminum foil
but the roll keeps coming out of the box
it's not supposed to
push in the tabs on the sides of the box
they'll hold the roll in place
don't throw away those little silica gel
packets you get in new shoes and bags
you can use them to absorb moisture in
any place it collects
foam get wet put it in a plastic baggie
with a silica gel packet
it'll get the water out throw one in
your shoes to keep them smelling fresh
tape one to the lid of your pet's food
container to keep mold out
you can even put a packet in your tool
box to prevent rust
women's shirts oddly have buttons on the
left even though most people are
right-handed
it comes from the times when upper class
ladies would have hand maidens dress
them
the wearer's left became the dresser's
right so it was easy for them
pants creases have their story too to
squeeze in
as many goods as possible to transport
them folded pants got heavily pressed
it was next to impossible to get rid of
the resulting creases
so why not make them fashionable there's
a loop on the back of your button-up
shirt
so you can hang it without a getting
wrinkled and fun fact
back in the day it showed your
availability
young guys used to cut those loops off
once they started dating someone
doorknobs are usually made of brass
bronze or some other copper alloys for a
reason
they have an anti-microbial effect they
get rid of germs pretty fast within a
couple of hours
but you still have to wash your hands
after touching doorknobs
rough edges on the sides of coins come
from an ancient practice
the weight of coins made from precious
metals used to show the real value of
the coin
people would shave off the edges melt
them together and make new coins from
what they collected
to avoid that ridges were added so you
could see if a coin had been tampered
with
toothpaste stripes are no more than a
marketing trick
in the 70s a leading toothpaste brand
introduced a blue stripe
to show that their product had double
the action
solid white toothpaste have the same
functions though
those blue bristles on your brush are a
lot more helpful than toothpaste stripes
when they fade it's time to change your
toothbrush
take the lid off your to go cup and turn
it upside down
you'll get an instant coaster it has a
rim on the inside that your cup bottom
fits into perfectly if you prefer your
soda in a bottle
check out the little plastic disk in the
cap it's there to keep the gases in your
carbonated drink
without it you just have syrupy brown
water
detachable headrests in a car can be
used to break the windows
in case you get stuck in just don't go
swinging at the window though you could
hurt yourself
slide one of the prongs in between the
pane and the door
pull the headrest back towards yourself
and the window will shatter
don't forget about the tab on the bottom
of your rearview mirror
pull it back during nighttime driving if
someone's behind you
their headlights won't be blinding pull
the tab forward again for daytime
driving
the spoon to your mcflurry looks so
weird with all those tabs
because it's actually fitted to the ice
cream machine to stir your tree
bath foam isn't only for fun or a nice
smell the bubbles keep your bath water
warm for longer
the air inside them acts as insulation
but it only works for acrylic bathtubs
ones made from metal lose heat really
fast either way
small holes on your headphones let the
air circulate
which is a must for good sound quality
wooden hangers may be bulky but you
should still opt for them over plastic
or metal
hangers made from cedar keeps moths away
the oils in the wood
are a natural insect repellent you can
also add some dry orange peels to your
closet to keep the bugs away
condiment cups at some fast food places
are supposed to be used like plates
not bowls pull the edges outwards and
then
squeeze on your favorite sauce now
you'll have room to dunk those chicken
nuggets
a fabric sample attached to a new piece
of clothing
isn't for patching holes now you could
do that but its true purpose
is to do a test patch before you wash
the garment itself
it'll let you know if the item will fade
wrinkle or pill
in the wash bobby pins don't stay in
place as well
if you don't have the groove side down
against your scalp
even if this isn't enough and the pin
just won't stay in place
spray some hairspray on it it'll get
sticky and hold
even the smallest strand if you have
some juice or milk in a carton container
don't pour it with the opening towards
your glass flip the carton around so the
opening is higher
it won't glug out and make a mess when
you pour it
now monkeys know better than anybody how
to peel a banana the right way
they do it from the bottom not the stem
that way the top of the fruit doesn't
get all squished when the stem refuses
to split
from the bottom it works every time
that dent in the bottom of a wine bottle
was originally put there so that wind
would stand
straight up without tipping over that
was back when bottles were hand blown
and there would sometimes be excess
glass bulging out of the bottom
so they tucked the excess glass in and
the so-called punt was born
now we have machines that can make the
bottom perfectly flat
but the tradition stuck around a triple
handle on a jerry can
is there to make it easier for two
people to carry it without the fuel
inside sloshing around
as for gas cans be sure to take the cap
off that tiny hole on the other side of
the nozzle
it lets air in as the gas leaves so the
stuff won't glug out
same reason why coffee lids have a tiny
hole in them
and now you know